well there are two algorithms I can think of how snake should move:

1. on every movement left,righ.. just add new cell and delete last cell
this way cells don't really need to know their future positions, no cells will move just add & delete

    drawback: adding and deleting cells means adding new "div" and removing last cell "div" from DOM, not a good idea

2. make an snakeTrail array, where we will have coordinates of each cell, and on every movement just add new positions to array
remove last positions , and than update all cells so they render on their new positions

    drawback: well if you have really long snake, you have to change position forEach cell at every single damn tick

3. oh actually i can think third way, on every movement just move last cell to new position left, right ...
    cell positions will be updated in array, and in DOM we wont have to change anything, just somehow manipulate "div" positions right way
    oh just save which div is positioned now Last, which nth child

    drawback: I don't know it yet :D 

4. as we need head cell to be static, because of eyes and decorations, I should modify method:3, by just moving last tail cell to 
    current head cell position and, current headCell to newPosition
    

snakeTrail is array of cell coordinate objects


//Tasks
1. cellSize variable should be set from js
2. long snakes could have points to move on their tail 
3. noHit mode just boxShadows when overlapping
4. turbo functionality
5. golden apple functionality
5. turbo apple 
5. different color snakes
6. snake head styling
7. spaw lots of foods functionality
8. gradually speedup
9. track points 
10. names of snake
11. biggerboard
12. catchback functionality spawn food near loosing snake
13. total score achivements
14. points shop
15. mouse movement left click / right click 
16. stick achivements to user profile, everyone loves stickers

12.no hit mode
    in given time who will eat the most

13.shrink Zone mode
    zone shrinks and on every boundary hit you loose one cell

14.hit mode 
    like in slither io

snake events
at some time a lot of collecting boxes will appear on random locations that could be collected by touching
this boxes could go with you by animation

freezer box, freezes others,
nitro box, fast self
slower box, slows others
snake color selector
multiple design themes

add record score next to live score, save it to storage

scroll bug
record storage
selfkill
pwa
multiplay


themes changin on the go, when for ex: 10apples eated
snake speeding up mode
eating one apple creates 2 mode

update news notifications, 
    when was update
    what was updated
    if updates not seen yet show number badge of how much updates not seen, or red dot

buy me a beer
copyrights
made with <3 enthusiasm

fonts on ios, georgian fonts
correct text tooltips


global state
theme of game light/dark
live score
top score
snake body positions, head position
food positions